hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here
and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called war
of the worlds be ready for some spoilers
ahead
rey is a middle class working man whose
wife divorced him recently
his relationship with his son robbie is
also pretty bad
the daughter rachel seems to like him a
bit more
and still calls him father with the
given circumstances
rey is embarrassed by his financial
status as his ex-wife criticizes the
living arrangement he has
the presence of the new boyfriend
doesn't help rey any better
the wife is going to boston to her
parents house
and are leaving the kids with rey she's
very skeptical of ray's ability to
handle the kids
and tells him to call her if anything
goes wrong
robbie watches the news that reports a
recent earthquake accompanied by an
electric outage in a large radius
ray turns off his television and tells
robbie to play some ball
trying to mend their father and son
relationship
their conversation quickly turns bitter
when the son talks about how great his
stepfather is
compared to rey the ball game results in
rey
breaking his own windows they order some
food and rey calls out robbie to come
down to eat
rachel tells him that robbie is gone she
says he took the father's car
and just left leaving rape with his
stunned expression
rey goes out to find his son but sees
everyone staring into the sky
he looks back and sees a large cloud
formation that looks very strange
he goes to the backyard to get a closer
look and notices something even weirder
the wind is blowing towards the storm
instead of against it
the wind suddenly stops and lightning
begins striking down on the ground
the lightning strikes again and again
while both of them
runs inside the house and hides under
the table
when it finally stops ray gets up to
check the lights
but everything electric is no longer
working
he goes outside and sees all the cars
have stopped
robbie walks towards rey and tells him
his car has broken down
ray tells him to look after his sister
while he figures out what's really going
on
he runs towards the spot where the
lightning strikes and on his way
meets his friend who's fixing his car
ray tells him to change the solenoid
he gets there with many others and sees
a large hole
on the ground ray grabs one of the rocks
and is surprised that it's not
hot but freezing cold they feel
vibration coming from the ground
but there's no subway stations nearby
the ground begins to crack breaking the
buildings in half
the whole area rises and then sinks into
a large hole
a car falls into the hole but is thrown
out and
crashes on the ground everyone stares in
fear and confusion
as a large machine rises from the hole
towering over the buildings
it makes a deafening noise and proceeds
to vaporize everyone with its laser
beams
rey runs towards their house while
people are being vaporized left and
right
he comes back home covered with human
dust and takes a moment to regain his
sanity
he tells the kids to grab everything
they can and they have to leave
they head to the car which his friend
fixed and is probably the
only one that's working around here rey
tells his friend to get in
but he doesn't listen he closes the door
and drives off
just before the laser beam strikes and
kills everything
behind rey tries his best to explain to
the kids what he saw
but rachel panics and robbie has to
comfort her from the back seat
they arrive at their mother's place but
finds no one inside the house
ray tells his kids to relax and assures
them that they just went to boston
he tries to make them some sandwiches
but clearly
no one is hungry from the stress they
just experienced
they sleep inside the basement for
safety and ray keeps his gun
close by at night he's woken up by
loud noises from the window it gets
louder and the house begins shaking
they run into the utility room as flames
engulf the entire house
rey walks out in the morning and sees
the entire floor gone
a plane has crashed right on top of
their house last night
he finds some reporters scavenging the
leftovers from the plane
the female reporter tells rey that the
machines have a shield
around them which the military is unable
to get through
she shows him footages of numerous
machines destroying human civilization
she believes that the aliens came down
from the lightning
into the machines which were buried here
a long time ago
rey heads off with the kids and takes
the smaller roads to avoid people from
seeing them with a working car
they meet numerous military tanks going
in the opposite direction
robbie tries to get on the ride with
them which rey quickly stops him from
doing
he tells his son not to be crazy and
think about his sister
and what will she do if he was gone
they arrive into a town where numerous
people are looking for their lost ones
a crowd starts forming around them with
people
banging on the windows a fight breaks
out and they're dragged outside as
everyone
fights for the working car rey stops the
fight with
his gun and tells everyone to back off
rachel screams as she sees another man
pointing his gun at her father
ray drops his weapon and surrenders he
leaves with his kids while someone else
picks up his gun
they sit in the restaurant unsure of
what to do next
while the fight for the car continues
outside with gunshots being fired
rey has a momentary breakdown as he
cries
they have no choice but to head towards
the ferry with the crowds
as they get closer rachel notices
something
wrong as the birds fly away from their
direction
a loud roar can be heard and a tripod is
seen standing behind the people
everyone rushes onto the boat while it
tries to take
off ray's family barely makes it but the
trouble is not over yet
a bright light appears underwater and
another tripod emerges
flipping the ferry over rey swims away
from the machines with his children
while they capture all the people with
their tentacles
they make it to shore and on top of a
mountain
and sees numerous tripods killing
everyone like
ants they escape into the forest as the
clothing from the vaporized people
drop down from the sky they escape into
another town
where the military is fighting against
the alien
numerous military vehicles charge
towards the machines
while robbie follows them behind rey
stops the sun
while rachel waits for them from behind
he tells robbie that he loves him
regardless of how robbie feels but rey
is forced to let him go
when rachel is pulled away by two
strangers
rey grabs his daughter and runs away
from the burning military vehicles
a man raises his hand and tries to help
people into his
shelter rey hides with him in his
basement
where they can finally catch their
breaths
he comforts his daughter and tells her
that they will meet
robbie in boston although rey has
trouble believing this himself
the other man harlan offers them to stay
as long as they want
he assures rey that they have plenty of
food and water
their chat is cut short when they hear a
loud noise from the outside
they look through the window and seize
the tripods probing the floors
getting ready to terraform earth the
next morning
rey sees red plants growing from outside
the house
he looks for his daughter and sees
harlan talking inappropriately with
rachel
rey warns harlan to never speak with her
again
the machine suddenly becomes quiet and
rey hears noises from upstairs
a drone comes in and nearly catches
rachel
but rey is able to outsmart it with a
mirror
the drone retreats and the aliens come
down into the basement
they explore the area while rey tries to
hide from them
harlem wants to kill them with his
shotgun but rey stops him
they remain hidden as the aliens leave
harlan becomes more deranged after
witnessing what the aliens are using the
live humans for
they suck out the blood of human beings
and are using them as
fertilizers for the terraforming plants
he goes crazy and starts making loud
noises which puts
everyone in danger rey puts a blindfold
on rachel
and is forced to kill harlan while
sleeping
rachel hears a noise coming from behind
she turns around and sees the drone
staring at her
she screams and runs while rey breaks
the drawing
half rey turns around and sees his
daughter
missing he hears a scream and runs
outside
only to see his daughter being abducted
by the machine
he chases after the tripod and finds a
bag of grenades from a military vehicle
he gets the machine's attention by
throwing the grenade at it
and gets himself abducted he finds
rachel amongst the others
but she's clearly scared out of her mind
rey tries to comfort her
but her face remains expressionless
a tentacle comes out of the machine and
grabs rey
he is pulled halfway inside but everyone
in the cage helps to pull him out
rey manages to stick the grenades inside
the machine
and it blows up as a result fraying
everyone
they finally makes it to boston where
the military is standing guard
ray sees something strange and finds the
alien plants are dying
he continues walking and sees a tripod
destroyed
lying on top of a building he tries to
ask the soldiers what happened
but no one seems to know the answer they
find another tripod limping
as the military tries to evacuate all
the civilians
rey notices that the birds are flying on
top of the machines
and he yells to the soldier telling them
that it has no
shields the soldier is surrounded and
manages to take it down with rocket
launchers
they move closer to the fallen machine
and sees its doors open
the alien climbs out but dies
immediately
rey carries his daughter and finally
reunites with his ex-wife
robbie appears to have survived as well
and he runs towards his father
embracing him it appears that the
aliens were not killed by humanity after
all
but rather by the tiny organisms that
live amongst humans
through millions of years of evolution
humans have earned the right to exist
within this planet
whereas the invaders have not
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time